{"id":"777", "text":"Thank you for calling GoDaddy support. My name's Fred. Can I start with your name please. Hi my name is Anna and I'm not sure though that it works you have all my information and look up the number and everything. No actually don't can I get the concern for me. Yeah 29422898. 2942298 yeah. I may be missing a number there. 294298. Okay. One. Thank you 984298. Okay great and I just need the pin number. 1228. Perfect okay gonna help. I'm calling because I keep getting the error message on the domain the urbanceo.org. And I think the error I'm getting whenever they want to make any updates error 503 server unavailable. Okay Mister George. Okay. Where where do you get that error message. In the backend we're trying to update the website when we log in the back end. Okay is that like a word press installation or how you get it in yeah. Take a look at a few things here okay thank you. Has it been working normally. Correct our. Well it's been off and on it consistent  this  kind of error so we were actually thinking that we wanted to rebuild the  site because I use  go Daddy with other clients and even for myself .well I don't think it then. We need move from go Daddy if you read will have the light packet and not know but it when it comes down. Yeah well there are a couple things here that I would definitely address for number one is actually that you're you're on a very old server plan right now okay yeah we we've actually moved away from these services obviously we still maintain them but with the software doesn't get updated on them anymore so it's limited issue like the the level of like PHP in public that that you can go up to you and also it it's windows hosting plan and for wordpress website that is typically not not not the optimal type of hosting forum you do you really want like a Linux plan so it is just that one website or do you have other sites hosted on the server as well. Well we have other sites that we I will be updating as well at the job but yes the kingdom life.net. Yeah that’s here. Contra. Online.net. Is what we currently have hold it on the planet well let me I'm actually. One that website we build a little bit who are aching them like that or again got com. Did you say you do the different a main. Although the only to a playpen. Right now yet okay. Well in that case I would actually recommend moving to our managed wordpress hosting for a couple of different reasons it's actually for for one thing it actually on designed and optimized for running running word press website you know out the most optimal performance so it's actually much faster than these older servers delivers your workers pages and stuff like that much much more quickly so people can get your site a lot more easily the control panel in a Google search like the more easily the more secure the Bo they come with. Automated virus and malware scanning correctly to scan your website daily and to remove any type of virus or malware that may that may have been infected with that that alone is like really good because. Keep her safe secure make sure that many visitors and are affected with any type of viruses and also that you don't get black listed in Google because if I don't get hacked Google could really figure that out first because the in fight regularly and what happens is they blocked your website and it takes like at least 2 months after you grant to a place for them to actually go through everything in the side and and release it from the black with so you know you can get kind of like banned from Google for a while but also it at that also comes with automated backups to so many around the world but it down or whatever you can go in and just flip a switch basically and restore from like the previous day or or like a 2 weeks down the road or whatever you know the previous 2 weeks time whatever you want. So. Yeah I mean I don't we would recommend moving a few fights over and then you can change the domain parliament anytime you know you can put to the man thought to need a may name it automatically updates everything on the on the flight for you so there's a lot of really really good perks and benefits and it automatically keeps the. Wordpress importance of like that updated for you sit on the software issues as well. I'll bet okay so then what will be the cost to do that what we need. Well we have actually really good so going on the plan right now. And. And we have actually a built in migration tool not an act my cooking typically when you move from one server to another you have to do that all manually or yet to pay somebody to do it and we actually charge $99 per website to do it with this new plan the end in because we're proud to work beside it Mike written over automatically for you so you wouldn't have to pay for that at all. So the hosting plan. Internal hosts the 2 websites for you on one plan okay actually our hope one like that on that with the again Bible college that calm. Like a 3 through a play plan that you need yes. Okay well gonna be our developer package which gives you up to 5 website. To the best rate. To be the best rated on a 3 year plan because you're really good discount for would be $503 for 3 years you can also do a 2 year plan for 383 or 1 year for another team okay Bible 33 year 383. Earlier yeah 2 years thank you 15 for one. The 3 plus the best with 51 percent off in a lock that rate in for 3 years so you don't pay a price increase our first year. For that stuff the one I always recommend going with because you get the best discount and you get locked in for the long term. Okay what about our deal and that I need and the ticket. So this plan comes with one of ssl certificate free for the first year so it yeah you know secure when your side if you need to deal with it the cure we actually have them for sale at a discounted right now as well. Okay well I will need 1 other 1 how much would that be it would just be right now 11988 to your ssl certificate. Room for $75 for a one year. 117.2 year a what yeah 119. A 119 according. Yes the 2 years $60 a year if you do one year at 75. Okay so then the total right now would be. Do the 3 year hosting and the to your ssl certificate it would be 62362. Okay a whole one okay let me ask my client will attacking okay great okay so everything should be showing up in the account there just a couple minutes. You'll get that managed wordpress hosting Ted that you had from the other account and so you so you did you did the migration process for the other side of the other Caroline. I want to let you all do it well you know the autumn migration not like that as well. Okay yeah so basically what all you'll need to do is log into that other account. And so. Your what you have to do the process because they need the wordpress username and password everything. But if you just go to manage were pressing the account a quick thought up. Okay. And then just shoot a migrating existing site and then get started. It was asking for the flight log in your offices the domain name forward slash W. P. - admin. Then username and password it connects okay. A disconnected over press server logs in drag everything over and then what it wanted to a guy go over to the new server it'll send out an email let you know that the migration is complete and may 1 name over at that point. Okay okay and would you thank you. Gimme a copy of the receipt."}
